---
layout: main
title: About
---

**Q**: What's the site's purpose?  
**A**: Direct, specify, inspire action against anti-Asian hate. For now, using a list of resources. Better UI needed to help advance the goal.

**Q**: What inspired it?  
**A**: The ongoing anti-Asian attacks. Specifically, a Facebook comment that's it's not so bad.

**Q**: How do I help?  
**A**: See [the homepage](/) for dozens of todos and ideas.

**Q**: Doesn't the site imply Asian hate versus anti-Asian hate?  
**A**: It's a problem but the term's sticking so we run with it.

**Q**: Why a website instead of just social media?  
**A**: We're always considering other platforms. Lesser reasons include finer control of content, UI, and ownership.

**Q**: Does this site have a style guide if I push code?  
**A**: Yes:
* Articles sections include by lines; authors in articles don't get a separate "Org" entry in that category
* Always use [t.co](//t.co/fTfHbfBr9W) shortener to train the Twitter algorithm to drive traffic through its tracker
    * every link is there but if not, bit.ly then
    * forwarder also reduces the http_refer
    * never use [Firebase Dynamic Links](//t.co/izGFLHeKQe) to lower Google's data haul
* Sections are Orgs, Articles, Other Orgs; new ones are rarely added to maintain parallelism
* duplicate cross-category entries need some debating

**Q**: Who makes this?  
**A**: A longtime advocate of the community. If you got here by referral, you know.


**Q**: Isn't AAPI a bad term?  
**A**: Sure, there're problems like how PI want to be separate, it often means too many East Asians namely Chinese, Desis and SEA (SouthEast Asians) and hapa and mixed and central Asians and Muslims and indiginuous aren't enough, there're competing terms like [APIDA](//twitter.com/hashtag/APIDAHeritageMonth) or BIPOC (erases AAPI from the category though) and so many others, but I had to start ''some''where.


**Q**: What're your credentials for speaking out?  
**A**: I've 22y of experience working in AAPI social awareness, founded CMU's Rotaract International chapter with Clarence Cheung in 2001, volunteered for Amnesty International 1995-1999, and have edited Wikipedia for AAPI history (see [history](history)) for 15y. More recently, I created this site, am a founding moderatorof [AsiansNOW](//facebook.com/groups/asiansnow), and contribute to many community causes including [WearYellowProudly's collaboration](//docs.google.com/document/d/16IoBqmZmMgstF77oNthARTcyMBY0eY_YRPnzfktFCQo/edit?fbclid=IwAR1HmfHrpb4ps5T9-siC7LAxSpfJr5nZFThkCNXMN0rfIwqyQVlGrEL6H40) and [AAPI Townhall's collaboration](//docs.google.com/document/d/1ofWEB6ZIPI6emYuYwPwWOuFcqGpk9tXgXLmXxeJqsIQ/edit#heading=h.lfq6c1xxlgom). I was interviewed by Zhao Yuying of World Magazine [this article](//mp.weixin.qq.com/s/bF4EG8dXU3EQnqel6-3Ibw) in its last paragraph under my Chinese name, 陈治恺, and on [Talking Taiwan episode 130](//t.co/cgNkMm3S6W).


**Q**: Why the .us domain?  
**A**: Means Asian Americans, as opposed to others in the Asian diaspora. We know that [Dutch Asians](//www.31mag.nl/asians-in-the-netherlands-the-hidden-discrimination/) and [Aussie Asians](//theguardian.com/australia-news/2021/mar/04/how-anti-chinese-sentiment-in-australia-seeped-into-the-mainstream) have it yet, way worse.


**Q**: Why not StopAsianHate?  
**A**: (see "Why the .us domain?")


**Q**: How do I contact you?  
**A**: Not yet an option.


**Q**: I've an idea. Where do I send it?  
**A**: Use your judgement. Take action. Don't wait.
